feat[Do not Merge]: Compute management usage (#21643)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/accounts/accounts-billing/new-relic-one-pricing-billing/usage-queries-alerts.mdx

  </Collapser>
</CollapserGroup>

## Compute usage queries [#compute-queries]

The [usage UI](/docs/accounts/accounts-billing/new-relic-one-pricing-billing/new-relic-one-pricing-billing#usage-ui) displays your compute usage over time. If you need more detail than the UI provides, you can use a variety of NRQL queries. The examples below include the following data types:

> * `NrConsumption`: Use this to dive deep into the details of your usage hour-by-hour. It's less helpful as a proxy for your bill.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `NrConsumption`: Use this to drill down into the details of your usage hour-by-hour. It's less helpful as a proxy for your bill.
```
